all right everybody double-check your
gear make sure it's all on board and
pray you didn't forget your bug spray
they have come to the world's most
isolated jungle to explore the unknown
Amazon ready
[Music]
to think so and conduct scientific
research to prove the existence of a
long-lost tribe sheesh I'm a worship
giant snakes anacondas as gods protect
us
what is this how that color skin it
snakes up to this big the skin is 3 or 4
years old
whatever shed it is grown since then
snakes don't eat people
oh they don't I said man I'm getting
held back their life so it's good to be
prepared now they are the ones being
watched the ones being followed
nobody move the ones being haunted or
something down there early miniature but
not like anything human
if we help him then he will help us get
out of here alive
[Music]
anaconda when you can't breathe
you can't scream
[Music]